README.md, before:

# Simple Review API


## API Documentation

A swagger documentation can be found under `/api`


## IDEAS

- use token for all authentication
  - resulting in less secure structure for now but easy access for everyone
- use heroku for db and for backend
  - use relation db like postgres probably with typeorm
- use unit tests and e2e tests


## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```


## Production

```bash
# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```


## Development

```bash
# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# database
$ docker-compose up
```


## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```


# Dev


## Structure

- `Collection` have multiple `Reviews` that describe a common thing (food review, hotel review, etc.)
  - these will allow a connection between multiple `Reviews`, meaning that two Reviewers are always different entities, when they are not in the same collection (even if they are the same in reality)
- `Review` is one rating for a specific thing, it will be connected to other `Reviews` via a `Collection`
- Additional meta data like completions etc. are linked by the `Collection`
  - meaning if we want to get all possible already created Reviewers for a new `Review` then this can only be achieved by requesting the data from the `Collection` which internally requests different data from the `Reviews`

Commit message:

docs(README): remove ideas and add general usage for the api

README.md, after:

# Simple Review API


## API Documentation

A swagger documentation can be found under `/api`

## Usage

- create a `Collection` and link all the reviews to the created `Collection`
- no authentication is needed, "safety" is given by collections being hidden


## Installation

```bash
$ npm install
```


## Production

```bash
# production mode
$ npm run start:prod
```


## Development

```bash
# watch mode
$ npm run start:dev

# database
$ docker-compose up
```


## Test

```bash
# unit tests
$ npm run test

# e2e tests
$ npm run test:e2e

# test coverage
$ npm run test:cov
```


# Dev


## Structure

- `Collection` have multiple `Reviews` that describe a common thing (food review, hotel review, etc.)
  - these will allow a connection between multiple `Reviews`, meaning that two Reviewers are always different entities, when they are not in the same collection (even if they are the same in reality)
- `Review` is one rating for a specific thing, it will be connected to other `Reviews` via a `Collection`
- additional meta data like completions etc. are linked by the `Collection`
  - meaning if we want to get all possible already created Reviewers for a new `Review` then this can only be achieved by requesting the data from the `Collection` which internally requests different data from the `Reviews`
